CNV-62606 - added note - VM CPU/Memory Hot Plugging (#95019)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-hot-plugging-cpu.adoc

+
If the VM is migratable, a live migration is triggered. If not, or if the changes cannot be live-updated, a `RestartRequired` condition is added to the VM.

[NOTE]
====

> Memory hot-plug changes are applied immediately. If the VM is migratable, a live migration is triggered. Otherwise, a restart is required. By default, a VM can be hot-plugged with up to 4 times its initial CPU or memory configuration. For example, a VM with 1 vCPU and 2 GiB memory can scale up to 4 vCPUs and 8 GiB before a restart is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Memory hot-plug changes are applied immediately by an automatic migration. If the VM is can be migrated, a live migration is triggered. Otherwise, a restart is required. 

* By default, a VM can be hot-plugged with up to 4 times its initial CPU or memory configuration. For example, a VM with 1 vCPU and 2 GiB memory can scale up to 4 vCPUs and 8 GiB before a restart is needed. You can adjust this behavior cluster-wide using the `maxHotplugRatio` parameter or override it per VM.
```
This content looks like two notes to me; also, we have the same thing partially on line 20. Need to remove one or other.

> You can adjust this behavior cluster-wide using the `maxHotplugRatio` parameter or override it per VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
rendering fine, but not sure why this shows as being a hard return; can't hurt to remote it
